[ Chuckles ] Oh, New Yorker,
you’ve done it again.
Jay, check out
this cartoon.
- Does it have a talking dog?
- No, it’s a commentary–
I’m out.
Here you go.
One of my best efforts.
Have at it.
I can’t eat that.
- Why not?
- The pickle’s touching it.
- There.
- The juice got on
the bread and–
Eew! What’s that stuff?
- Spices.
- They look like Sea-Monkeys.
Have you ever
really examined
a jar of pickles, Jay?
It’s like a swamp in there.
I’ll pass.
- What happened?
- I made him a beautiful
sandwich, and he won’t eat it.
Yeah, ’cause it had
pickles on it.
Joe is taking a nap.
I’m gonna go to
the dry cleaners.
- Well, if you’re passing
a sushi restaurant–
- She’s not.
- I’ve never heard of anyone
not liking pickles.
- Aw, big day for you then.
I’m just gonna make myself
a grilled cheese.
I think I saw
some Gruyère in there.
Do we have any fig?
Uh-uh.
Sit down.
This whole persnickety thing
is not gonna fly in the world.
Never hand people
another reason
to make fun of you.
You mean like all the cool kids
with their leather jackets
and their pickles?
Well, you’re gonna sit there
until you at least try a pickle.
You’re drunk with power.
You got that right.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
Oh, no.
[ Mitchell ]
What?
The Tonys are coming.
This is exactly why
I don’t want you watching them.
You’re already so angry.
Not that Tonys.
Anthony Lamarque. Botox Tony.
- They’re coming to the wedding.
- [ Sighs ] Oh.
But, seriously, another revival
of Anything Goes?
Are we really
doing this again?
I’m surprised
that they’re coming,
because when I mentioned
the wedding to Tony,
he seemed completely disinter–
Oh! The Botox.
Oh, no.
What?
Your cousin Pete.
All of
his kids.
Everyone’s accepting, Mitchell!
We haven’t even gotten
the list from my dad yet.
And your dad’s friends
drink like soldiers...
because they were soldiers.
I mean, I am grateful
for their service,
but we are not gonna be able
to afford this wedding.
- Maybe we need to pull back
on a few things.
- Like what?
- Uh, the centerpieces?
- [ Gasps ]
Why even have a wedding?
I don’t know. Because we love
and respect each other and
we’re raising a child together.
Do you want to help or not?
Maybe we could send
"un-vitations." Is that a thing?
We’ve already made a lot of
people angry by just being able
to get married.
Let’s not alienate
the ones on our side.
Maybe we could sell something.
We’re thousands over budget.
It would have to be something
great.
Here, you can sell
my diamond ring.
Oh, honey,
that’s candy.
I’m gonna kill
that Jackson.
I do have something of value–
a Spider-Man vs. Dr. Octopus
comic book.
Issue number 3, 1963.
Near-mint condition.
It’s worth five grand.
I traded a football for it when
I was nine
years old,
and my dad was mad...
because the football was
signed by
Dan Marino.
I said, "Get it signed by
Rita Moreno,
and I’ll keep it."
Oh, no. My nephews
are flying in from Tulsa–
the big ones.
- The pie eaters?
- That’s it.
I gotta sell my Wyatt Earp.
This here is a belt buckle...
once worn by the great
Wyatt Earp.
My grandpa gave it to me
when I was seven years old,
and he said, "Son, this will
keep the bad guys away."
In my early 20s, I wore it
to a cowboys-and-Indians
disco party.
And let’s just say it didn’t.
[ Giggles ]
No. I can’t let you do that.
That means the world to you.
Cam, I will sell my Spider-Man.
Mitchell, my belt buckle
was owned...
by a legend
of the Old West.
I don’t think your comic book
would even cover
our balloon budget.
That’s very offens– Wait.
What’s the balloon budget?
Hey, Mom,
can we put this stuff
somewhere else?
It’s cluttering up my room.
What is it?
Oh, just some mementos of mine.
A few of your dad’s.
Oh! Zima!
Yeah.
What’s Zima?
Just a party
in a bottle.
Man, that reminds me
of some wild times.
Cranking the Björk
in my Saturn...
before me and my buddies
snuck some "Z" into
Sleepless in Seattle.
I wish you’d cover
my ears for that.
Ooh, Mom. Who’s this hottie
with his arm around you?
Cute!
Oh, that’s Bobby Nash,
my old boyfriend.
Why’d you break up
with him? For Dad?
Let’s just say he took his eye
off the ball and struck out.
Hmm.
So I stepped up
to the plate...
and nailed her
in the cheap seats.
Yeah, let’s not say that.
Well, I’m off.
Oh, honey, I’ve gotta
stop by the drugstore.
Do you need anything?
No, thank you, my dear.
The Dunphy glands produce
all the drugs I need.
Mm-hmm.
Except for, uh, foot spray.
Could you grab me
some of that?
Sure.
Wow, Mom!
[ Claire ]
What a dork, right?
[ Haley ]
What were you thinking?
[ Claire ] It was comfortable.
My dad didn’t approve.
Enough said.
I know it’s hard to believe,
but I was actually
a bit of a nerd
back in the day,
and it was suggested
that I was out of my league
when I landed Claire.
By Jay, mostly.
And my friends.
A-And my parents.
And Claire.
What’s this?
Oh, my gosh.
That is your father’s
answering machine
from college. Wow.
God, I sometimes forget
how old you guys are.
[ Recording ]
♪ You’ve reached
Phil’s world! ♪
♪ Party time!
Excellent! ♪
Schwing!
[ Beep ]
He’s so cute.
Hi, Phil.
This is Mitchell, uh, Pritchett,
Claire’s brother.
I just wanted to thank you
for setting me up
with your cousin.
She was very nice.
Ooh.
The only problem is,
she lives kinda far,
so–
[ Beep ]
That’s the only
problem?
Hey, Dunph-dog,
it’s Ling.
Grab your rollerblades
and meet us
at the bike path, playa!
But I gotta be done by 3:00,
’cause today’s the day
I’m flyin’ my new helicopter.
[ Beep ]
Phil?
Hey, it’s Claire.
Um– I need to tell you
something,
and I don’t want to do it
on your machine.
- It’s really important.
Life and death important.
- No, no. No, no.
Come on. Come on.
Not death.
Um, just life.
I mean–
[ Chuckles Nervously ]
Oh, hell, I’m pregnant!
[ Gasps ]
Ah! Sweet newlyweds!
Don’t worry.
You don’t have to
marry me or anything.
Let’s talk as soon as you can.
Why weren’t we more careful?
Stupid
Duran Duran concert.
[ Beeps ]
All right!
That’s enough.
I was conceived
at a Duran Duran concert?
Classy start
to a classy life.
You were not conceived
at the concert.
It was after the concert.
In the car?
It was a very nice car.
Listen, I am done.
Stop snooping.
I’m going.
The seats folded
all the way back.
Oh! Images.
- Can’t believe they kept it.
- I have a name.
- The answering machine.
- Oh.
You know, we could have
some fun with this.
I’m home!
Hi, Mom.
Manny, what are you doing
sitting in front of a pickle?
Jay says I can’t leave
until I taste it.
Why do you torture him
like this?
’Cause he’s too stuck
in his ways, Gloria.
This is good for him.
He’ll taste the pickle,
he’ll find that he likes it,
he’ll try more things.
This is good parenting.
This is not going to
play well in my memoir.
You know,
you’re one to talk.
How many times
have I asked you to try
my mother’s blood sausages?
Totally different.
That’s disgusting.
How do you know
it’s disgusting
if you’ve never tried it?
You’ve never tried Grandma’s
delicious blood sausage that’s
right there in the freezer?
Oh, you’re right.
We do have some leftovers.
Really? It hasn’t been
all gobbled up yet?
Okay,
Mr. Father of the Year,
it’s time for you to show Manny
that you’re not a hypocrite.
Looks like you’re in
quite a conundrum.
- You know, you could’ve said–
- "A pickle"! Dang it!
It was right there.
- Hello.
- Hi. Can I help you?
Uh, yes. I have
something pretty special
that means the world to me.
Yet I gladly part with it
to prove my love
for my fiancé.
Cam,
you don’t have to–
I do.
This is a belt buckle
that was once owned
by the legendary Wyatt Earp.
And when my grandfather
gave it to me,
God rest his soul, he said,
"Son, this here is"–
Um– [ Whimpers ]
Okay?
[ Sniffles ]
I can’t be here for this.
You do it.
And get a price
on that divine lamp.
Um, anyway–
I didn’t want to say anything
in front of your fiancé,
but this is a cheap replica
given away by a gas station
chain in the ’60s.
There’s tons of them out there.
It’s worth about 20 bucks.
Are you sure?
Pretty sure.
Wow.
[ Sighs ]
That family loves to
dress up a story.
And a pig.
Well, how about
a first-edition #3
Spider-Man Versus Dr. Octopus...
in near-mint condition?
Keep talking.
That–
Uh, that’s pretty much it.
[ Sighs ]
Why isn’t she calling?
Aren’t you the doubter?
She’ll call in three,
two–
One!
One’s next!
Yeah.
[ Phone Rings ]
Oh! Oh!
Shh! Shh!
Press "record."
[ Beeps ]
Hi, Mom.
Haley, honey,
did you mean to send
this text to your dad?
Text?
What does it say?
Um– "I hate to spoil
your golf game, but"–
Uh– No, no.
I-I didn’t send that.
Must have accidentally dictated
when you and Dad were talking.
Okay.
That’s weird.
Well, while I have you
on the phone, would you mind
emptying the dishwasher and–
Oh, you’re breaking up.
Haley?
Can you hear me now?
Nope.
Bye.
Got it.
Told you we’d get it.
Now just for
a little creative editing.
Your mind is so brilliant.
If you put this much effort into
your schoolwork, there is no
telling the things you could–
Why do you have to
ruin everything?
I know!
She’s always talking
about my potential.
Fore!
Do you think I hit her?
Nah, she’s fine.
Sorry
I’m so distracted today.
What’s wrong, buddy?
Let me ask you something.
Do you ever get the sense
that your wife feels like
she could have done better?
God, no.
She’s the luckiest woman
on Earth.
If anything,
I could’ve done better.
The noises that come out
of that woman at night?
[ Phone Chimes ]
It’s like she’s that black guy
from Police Academy.
Speak of the devil.
A message from my wife,
not the black guy
from Police Academy.
Oh, that’d be so awesome.
That would be neat.
Hey, it’s Claire.
Um, I hate to
spoil your golf game,
but... I’m pregnant!
What?
Let’s talk as soon
as you can.
[ Beeps ]
I have to leave.
What? We’re in
the middle of a game.
I have to be
with Claire!
My clubs!
My hat!
My sandwich!
Hi.
Hey.
I’m sorry I freaked out
in there.
How much did we get for it?
You know, here.
I couldn’t do it.
- What?
- No. This belt buckle
means so much to you.
I’m just gonna–
I am going to sell
my comic book instead.
Oh, Mitchell,
that is so sweet.
It’s okay.
The idea of me parting ways
with a belt buckle...
that my grandfather
arm-wrestled
Wyatt Earp for–
He arm-wrestled him?
Oh, yeah, but not
in a contentious way.
You know, they were friends.
My grandfather saved his life
during a train robbery.
A train robbery?
That’s– Wow. Cam, wow!
Yeah.
They had a real bond.
The great Wyatt Earp
and Honest Abe Tucker.
Mm-hmm.
I have it, I’ll store it,
and if I need to, I will use it.
You know what? I quit.
Pardon me for trying
to broaden his horizons.
No, no, no.
You’re not
quitting anything.
You’re going to eat
your sausage, and you’re
going to eat your pickle.
I am tired of every day
cooking two different meals.
"No tomatoes."
"White meat only."
"Extra bacon."
He gets extra bacon?
What the hell?
Today is the day you two
are stopping this silliness.
Fine. We’ll all
conquer something today.
What do I have to conquer?
I eat everything.
- Pet Stella’s belly.
- What?
You won’t touch
Stella’s belly.
Yeah, because it’s
the creepiest thing ever.
Has, like, 30 nipples.
I’ll eat the blood sausage,
Manny eats the pickles,
you pet her belly.
I’d rather eat the dog.
Don’t be a hypocrite.
Nice and long,
like you mean it.
I want to see
that leg shake.
[ Laughing ]
Hey!
What’s happening?
Oh! Let me get these!
I’m just so happy!
Really?
Did you finally
get a hole in one?
"A hole in one."
I hope our baby
has your sense of humor.
Our what?
Why didn’t I see it? The
drugstore, the bloated ankles,
you’ve been so moody lately.
What are you talking about?
There it is.
Phil, I am not pregnant.
You’re not?
No.
Why’d you leave me
that message?
Didn’t leave you a message.
You sure?
You’re very forgetful
when you’re pregnant.
I think I would remember.
Then why have you
been so moody?
Maybe because
you just told me
I have giant ankles.
Shh. I don’t want him
to hear us fight like this.
Give me this.
Okay. This is gonna be
good for everybody,
so let’s get it over with.
Fine.
Okay.
We’ll go
on the count of three.
[ Gags ]
One, two,
three.
[ Gagging ]
Oh, no!
I’m gonna throw up!
Why so moist, Jay?
Why?
[ Groaning ]
Move!
[ Gags ]
Is this a bad time?
[ Gulping ]
Sorry to barge in here
like this.
I guess it’s weird
that, uh, I’m still
storing stuff here.
I just wish you would have
come in sooner before I went
to second base with Stella.
All right,
I’ll be two minutes.
If you need money
for the wedding, why sell
something that you love?
Why don’t you
just ask Jay?
No. No, no, no.
Why not? He’s your father.
I don’t feel right
asking my dad for money.
I’m an adult,
and I have my comic book.
I hate to
spoil your golf game,
but... I’m pregnant!
Let’s talk
as soon as you can.
Oh, they are good.
I can’t believe they pulled
such an elaborate stunt.
I don’t know
whether to be angry
or impressed.
It’s so diabolical.
I don’t know where
they get that fr–
W-Wait.
We could really have
some fun with this.
It’s funny. I never saw you
as a comic book guy.
Oh, no, I wasn’t.
But I don’t know–
Spider-Man,
he spoke to me.
I-I think it’s because
it’s about this nerdy kid...
who has this special secret
side of himself that he
can’t share with anybody.
And that’s how
I always felt.
Oh.
Spider-Man made me feel like
it was okay to be different.
He made me feel tough
enough to get through
the rough times.
Oh, Mitchell, that’s so sweet.
I didn’t know that. Are you
sure you want to sell it?
Yes, yes.
Because, like Spider-Man,
I am brave and strong.
[ Gasps ]
Spider web!
My mouth!
Mitchell!
What– Oh!
No! No!
Oh, no.
Give me a break,
Phil!
What do you want from me?
Shh!
I didn’t say anything.
A little compassion when
you thought I was pregnant
would have been nice!
Uh-oh.
I’m sorry.
It was
a knee-jerk reaction.
You got that half right!
Well, you’re not pregnant
anyway, so who cares?
And what did I say
that was so terrible?
I believe your exact words were,
"Great! Another kid
that we can screw up!"
Oh, well, I’m sorry,
but we both know
that’s true!
Wait! Are you saying
we never should have had them
in the first place?
[ Phil Shouting ]
Like you never said that?
This is awful.
Is this what you thought
was going to happen?
I didn’t think that far ahead.
I never do. You know that.
You should’ve stopped me!
You said this was
going to be fun.
Nobody is having fun.
Careful?
Please, Phil!
If you hadn’t gotten me
pregnant, I never
would have married you!
I would have married
Bobby Nash!
You would?
Oh, yeah!
And right now, I would be
on my 100-acre ranch in Aspen...
with my strapping
6’4” hedge-fund husband.
You really wish
you’d married Bobby?
Oh, every single day!
[ Whimpers ]
No. Phil.
Dad,
are you okay?
Yep. That’s what I am
to everyone around here.
Mom–
Just "okay."
Phil!
Hey, Mom?
Not now.
Phil.
You guys hear that?
We totally got ’em.
- Quick! We need a blow dryer!
- Is this some sort
of gay emergency?
No, Dad, it’s not
a gay emergency.
It’s my comic book.
We need–
Oh, God!
It’s ruined!
Mitchell, it’s okay.
It probably wasn’t worth
that much anyway.
It was worth $5,000!
Your belt buckle is garbage.
It came from a gas station!
Your grandfather
never met Wyatt Earp!
[ Gasps ]
I didn’t hold on to that
for quite as long as I thought.
Hey, I’m sorry.
I-I didn’t mean to
blurt it out like that.
No, it’s– it’s okay.
I kind of suspected
the dates didn’t line up.
Now I’m starting to think that
wasn’t Amelia Earhart’s compass.
Well–
I’m so sorry,
but I am sure that Jay
can help you two out.
No, no, no, no, no.
We want to do this
on our own.
Can I ask you
a question?
Why are you having
such a big thing anyway?
Well, because we’re only
getting married once.
I’m just saying,
why do you need to make it
into a spectacle?
- A s– A spectacle?
- This could be
the universe’s way...
of telling you
to bring it down a notch.
Invite your family,
your friend Pepper.
And what’s his name–
th-th-the flouncy one.
L’David.
I don’t have
a flouncy friend
named L’David, Dad.
Do you mean L’Michael
or J’Marcus? I’m not sure
who you’re referring to.
Whatever.
I’m just saying
keep it small.
Why pay all that money
for people you barely know?
- Oh, you mean
like any of your friends?
- Oh, please.
- You don’t want
any of my friends there.
- Really?
Because I’ve been asking
for a list for months now.
- So who doesn’t
want them there, me or you?
- Why are you getting upset?
Because, Dad,
if this was Claire’s wedding,
you would be all over it.
You’d be wanting to have it
at your club. You’d be
inviting all your friends.
Oh, please!
I wasn’t that thrilled when
Claire got married either.
"Either"?
For God’s sake,
just stop talking.
Everybody back off.
I don’t think
I’m out of line...
suggesting my friends don’t
want to see a father-son dance
at a big gay wedding.
There is no
father-son dance,
Dad.
I don’t know what things go on.
Do I walk you down the aisle?
Does someone throw a bouquet?
I’m just saying, I don’t know
how this stuff plays out
with my guys from the club.
You mean the guys
who sit around the locker room
watching football naked?
No, this isn’t about them.
This is about you.
You are the one
that’s uncomfortable here.
Fine. I admit it.
This whole wedding thing
is weird to me.
Wow.
Now, see,
why do you get to be you,
but I don’t get to be me?
I didn’t choose
to be uncomfortable.
I was born this way.
Are you really
throwing a gay anthem
in our face right now?
Give me some credit.
You know how far I’ve come.
I mean, what more
do you want from me?
You know what, Dad?
You do. You get to be you.
If it really makes you
that uncomfortable, then...
don’t come to the wedding.
[ Gloria ] Ay.
[ Cameron ]
Mitchell.
No! See?
We’re scaling back already.
[ Door Closes ]
Phil, honey.
What happened down there?
- You attacked me.
- In a fun way.
We were both doing it.
I heard you this morning
talking about your
super-cute boyfriend Bobby,
saying I was
the comfortable choice,
that you only married me
because your dad hated it.
No, sweetheart.
I was not talking about you.
I was explaining to the girls
about an outfit that I was
wearing in a picture...
that was the comfortable choice
that my dad hated.
Oh, honey.
You can’t possibly think
that’s why I married you.
Okay, I-I get it
a-about your dad.
I-I– Sometimes I do wonder,
you know, if you
hadn’t gotten pregnant–
- Would we even be here
right now?
- Yeah.
I wonder
the same thing too.
You do?
Yes.
All the time.
Just last week, you and the kids
were outside washing the car,
and you got in
that soap battle,
and everybody
was running around,
laughing.
And I stood there at
the kitchen window,
and I was thinking
how lucky I am.
Because I would have
missed all of this
if I hadn’t married you.
I knew you were watching.
That’s why
I dropped the sponge.
Mmm.
That’s what got my attention
in the first place.
You really don’t regret
not marrying Bobby Nash?
No. He was cute,
but he was boring.
He never once
made me laugh.
You laugh at me
all the time.
I do.
I liked how happy you were
when you thought
I was pregnant.
Of course I was.
Oh.
Hmm.
Do you think you could
pick that up for me?
I don’t know.
Oh?
- It’s so far down here.
- Schwing!
[ Whispering ]
See? I told you
they were gonna be fine.
[ Lock Clicks ]
Door lock!
Run!
Go! Go! Go! Go!
Ew! Ew!
[ Answering Machine ]
Hey, Phil. It’s Mitchell,
Claire’s brother.
I heard about your and Claire’s
whole pregnancy situation,
and I’m sorry my dad didn’t
have a better reaction.
Don’t take it personally.
He’s just like that.
He’ll– He’ll come around.
And if not–
well, his loss.
[ Chuckles ]
Yeah, okay, anyway,
uh, now that
we’re gonna be family,
it’s probably
a little weird for me
to date your cousin.
So maybe you could ask her
to stop paging me?
[ Laughing ]
Wow.
It’s so crazy.
I know.
Uncle Mitchell
with a pager.
No, Stella.
¡Que no!
♪♪ [ Humming ]
Stella, I said no.
[ Whimpers ]
You–
Okay.
But just this time, okay?
And you keep your mouth shut
about this.
[ Door Opens ]
Who’s there?